Flight radar browser extension (#1)
ChayoteJarocho/BrowserExtensions: README.md

My browser extensions.

### List of extensions

> - **FlightRadar24**: Browser extension to remove all the ads and useless containers in the main FlightRadar24 page.

Author: ```suggestion
- **FlightRadar24**: Browser extension to remove adds, sidebars and menus from the FlightRadar24 page, so that only the map is visible.
```

### How to generate extension files

#### Firefox

To generate the xpi file:
```

> cd flightradar24/
> zip -r -0 ../flightradar24.xpi *

Author: ```suggestion
cd extensionFolder/
zip -r -0 ../extensionName.xpi *
```
